### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
  An Open Source RDBMS

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
  SQL stand for Structured Query Language.  It is a human-readable language for querying.  PostgreSQL follows the SQL standard closely in its system.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
  \c DB_NAME — connect to DB_NAME


- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
  "WHERE" is for filtering by row.  "Having" is for filtering the "GROUP BY" results.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

  Inner:
  Only the rows that match the condition in both tables.

  Outer:
  Left - All of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows from the second table (right).
  Right - The matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows from the second table (right).
  Full - All the rows from both tables (left and right).

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
Left - All of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows from the second table (right).
Right - The matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows from the second table (right).

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
  ORM - object-relational mapping.  It is a translation service between OOP in our server language and relational data in our database.

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  AJAX doesn't have to involve Flask.  It can be faster because the browser is talking directly to the API.  Making requests from the server side (Flask) is easier when you need to store the data in a SQL database.  The server side is also necessary when you need a password to access the API, because then you can keep the password private.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
  Cross-Site Request Forgery. A form on any site can submit to any other site. A CSRF token is generated by the server when a form is shown and is checked by the server on form submission. This increases security of the site.

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
  To hide form fields that user is not goign to change or view.  It is a way of sending data along with a form that you want the server to have.  CSRF tokens are hidden by using the `form.hidden_tag()`.